My name is Melina Devlin,
and you need to tell me
everything that you learned
about Simon Williams
if you want to survive.
Melina Devlin. CIA.
Her name is not Melina Devlin.
It's Morgan Miller.
I think you're going to tell me
everything you've learned
about Simon Williams.
You're standing inside
Simon Williams.
The CIA's most successful
assassination program.
You think someone's using
the program for personal gain?
Why everyone connected
to Simon Williams
is being killed.
All the people dying
are witnesses?
Class photo of the inaugural
Simon Williams group.
Hollace Kilbride.
Who's got a target on his back.
Hey, did one of you shoot
Morgan Miller?
Yeah. Why?
She's gone. Again.
MAN (over P.A.):
Welcome to LAX.
We hope you enjoy your stay
in Los Angeles.
Any luck locating Kilbride?
Not yet. His phone
and vehicle are both offline.
Fatima and Rountree are heading
to his place now.
Okay, where did
you have him last?
Here in the building,
several hours ago.
But nothing since.
Did anyone
see him leave?
No. I've gone through
our security footage.
I have no idea how he managed
to get out of here
without being seen.
But he just vanished.
Without a word
and without a trace.
Damn it.
Yo.
Nobody's watching the place
that I can see.
No sign of a vehicle.
What do you want to do?
What do I want to do?
I want to go to a hot yoga class
and spend the day at the beach.
But doesn't look like that's
happening any time soon.
Hot yoga's not really my thing.
Oh, you are missing out.
On a room full of sweaty,
smelly people?
Oh, yeah? What, you
more of a Zumba guy?
Not even close.
I know how much you
like Kensi's shorts.
I bet you've got
a whole drawer
full of Spandex for
those cha-cha moves.
♪ Cha, cha, cha-cha-cha. ♪
Can't take you anywhere.
How could you not know
this? You're his assistant.
He's extremely private.
He's also the head of OSP,
which means that he's
got responsibilities.
He needs to be reachable 24/7.
What is going on here?
No one in this whole operation
knows where your boss is.
We've already
established that.
But you don't even know
where to start looking.
How is that even possible?
He's not exactly
a team player.
Where is everyone?
All nonessential personnel
were sent home.
You don't have the
authority to do that.
No.
But she does.
The director sent us
and as SAC of the Hawai'i
field office,
Agent Tennant has jurisdiction
over the entire
Pacific Rim.
Don't worry, boys.
I won't make you
clean your rooms.
Well.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
You sure you want to do that?
No.
What choice do we have?
All right.
Better you than me.
Uh, please tell me
you have the code.
Yeah, Shyla sent it.
I thought it was a text.
Maybe it was an email.
Oh, no,
honestly, Officer,
it's my boss's house.
Do we don't have
permission to enter?
No, not, exactly.
See, what happened was,
he's actually missing.
We need to go, like, now.
Hey, relax, Nancy Drew.
Oh, that's easy
for you to say.
Half the time I don't even
think Kilbride likes me.
And he's definitely
not gonna like me
if he knows that I broke
into his house.
We're just
looking around to see
if we can find some clues
as to where he is.
Admiral Kilbride?
It's Agent Namazi and Rountree!
Yeah, yeah, uh,
she let herself in.
I'm just following her lead.
I got a bad feeling
about this.
Yeah, that's
because you believe in ghosts.
Have you ever seen a ghost?
Because I have.
Okay, Egon.
Every original member
of the Simon Williams group
has been killed off
except Kilbride.
He's the only one who can
testify before congress
that this shadow faction
has taken over the program.
Which means finding Kilbride
and protecting him
is our number one priority.
Well, it would be a hell
of a lot easier to do
if you hadn't sent
our entire staff home.
Hey, you got us.
And I brought in the help of
Special Agent Afloat Lucy Tara.
She's in the admiral's
office now.
Hopefully she'll find something.
Oh, she's about to
find out just how much
he doesn't like when people
go through his things.
Well, I'm sure
he'll get over it
if we manage
to keep him alive,
unlike the rest
of his Simon Williams buddies.
Because of who we're dealing
with, we have to assume
that the secrecy
of this location
and its personnel
have been compromised.
In fact, I'm sure
we're probably
under surveillance
as we speak.
Which is why I sent
everyone home.
For their own protection.
Call Sabatino,
see if he has anything
on the Simon Williams
project, as well as
on Morgan Miller.
Got it.
Who's Sabatino?
Former CIA contact.
Y'all trust him?
Probably.
More than likely.
Okay, well, that's encouraging.
Agent Callen,
you're, uh,
former CIA as well?
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry.
Why am I just finding out
about this now?
Because it's not relevant.
Maybe we should be
the judge of that.
He has nothing to do with
the Simon Williams project,
if that's what
you're getting at.
And yet they've
managed to stay
one step ahead
of all our best efforts.
You don't want to go there.
The Simon Williams project
was a urban legend
when I worked for them.
If you want to waste
your time looking into my past
employment history, be my guest.
But, uh, you'll also need
to look into Tennant's past.
Turns out I'm not
the only one
in the room
that worked for the CIA.
They had a great health plan.
Mm-hmm.
All right, we need to work
together, which means
we need to know if
we're missing anything.
Not in my history.
Mine, either.
Look, guys, I just found out
about Simon Williams
a few days ago.
So you're taking
the lead, right?
I'm guessing you have a plan?
Find Kilbride.
Mm-hmm.
Protect him,
take out the bad guys.
Pretty simple.
Why didn't we think of that?
Well, that'd be a whole lot
easier if someone
in this office
knew where he is.
Kilbride probably knew
they were coming after him.
He may have ghosted us
for our own safety.
Or they already have him.
Hey, you see a laptop anywhere?
No.
No laptop.
Only junk mail.
No magazines.
He doesn't even have
a TV in here.
Are you sure he lives here?
This place doesn't feel
like Kilbride.
Well, it's a rental.
And you know Kilbride hates L.A.
Yeah, but still...
there's nothing personal
in sight.
Feels like
a model unit.
Oh, maybe he just
uses the address
and he really lives
somewhere else.
Apparently Hetty has
a lot of houses
under various aliases.
Well, if that was the case,
I'm sure Shyla
would have told us.
Yeah, well, if only she knew.
Rountree?
You find anything?
The admiral's
pretty by the book.
I don't think
he leaves anything to chance
or any clues as
to where to find him.
Oh, he does have a pretty
nice cigar collection
and some really great
scotch, however.
Great.
We can stake out bars
and tobacco shops.
What about
the Simon Williams project?
If he has anything on it,
it's not in the OSP system
or his personal files.
Sir!
Agents Namazi and Rountree
were attacked
at Kilbride's house.
Agent Namazi is okay.
Agent Rountree was abducted.
Fatima!
Excuse me.
They took Rountree.
What? Who took him?
I don't know.
They were,
they were tac'd up,
and they had gas masks.
And they hit us
hard and fast
with flash-bangs
and CS gas.
I can't even tell you
how many there were.
Was he injured?
I don't know, I don't know.
I mean...
I heard a shotgun and...
I thought he went down, but...
but I don't see any blood.
Okay.
I'm so sorry.
No, no, no. It's not your fault.
This could've been you.
I wish it had been.
Hey, don't you
ever say that.
Callen and Sam are
on their way, so why
don't you let Deeks
take you home.
No.
No way.
Not as long
as Rountree is missing.
Okay, you know what?
Here.
You're gonna take ten
to let your lungs air out.
You're gonna let
the shock wear off.
And then I want you to
call Shyla and tell her
anything and everything
you can remember, got it?
Okay.
Hey.
We're gonna find him.
I promise you
we're gonna find him.
Any sign of Agent Rountree?
No, sir. His phone went
dark after they were hit.
Traffic cams?
Searching, but
Fatima didn't see
their vehicles, so
I'm not even sure
what we're looking for.
Something they could get
him into relatively easy.
Probably more than
one vehicle.
I do have some good news.
Vostanik Sabatino
came through for us
and provided a list
of CIA officers
who worked
with Morgan Miller
in the past.
He said she was
particularly close
with one David Ellis.
They were both officially
listed as inspectors
with the Department
of Agriculture.
The only farm these two ever
set foot in is Camp Peary.
Put out a BOLO
for Morgan's arrest
and have Agent Tara
help you find anything we can
on this David Ellis.
Family, friends, colleagues.
And your former CIA contact,
any more information
on the Simon Williams project?
No. It was before his time. Well...
the original was,
not this shadow version.
Push him to find
anything we can.
And connect me
with the Director of the CIA.
Sir?
This is their mess.
And unless they want it
in the news,
they need to cooperate with us
to find out
who we're dealing with.
What if they won't
take your call?
Then call SECNAV.
And then the director of ODNI.
It is time to rattle some cages.
Aye, aye, sir.
Rattling away.
Hey.
This is military-grade stuff.
I wouldn't expect
anything less.
Yeah, if these guys
are going rogue,
they might be trying
to buy weapons off the books,
which means they'll need
a supplier.
And who do we know that could
be that local supplier?
Nina Barnes.
Mm-hmm.
And she knows Kilbride.
Even if she didn't
arm these guys,
she may be able to tell us where
Kilbride might be holed up.
I'll have Kensi and
Deeks pay her a visit.
I think I know why we didn't
find any blood from Rountree.
Less than lethal round.
Beanbag round.
Usually fired from a shotgun.
They wanted to take him alive.
The fact that they took
Rountree leads me to believe
that they don't have
the admiral yet.
They probably took him hoping he
knows where his boss is hiding.
Except that Kilbride's
not hiding, he's hunting.
Either way,
they're probably still hoping
he'll help them find Kilbride.
He doesn't know.
So he'll be torture for
information he doesn't have.
But it buys us
some time and opportunity.
If they don't kill him first.
Okay, let's at least try
and pretend like
we're thinking
positively here, okay?
Yeah.
Whew!
Where is your boss?
Well...
unfortunately
I'm unemployed,
so I don't have a boss.
If you guys are hiring,
I always thought I'd be
a pretty good flight attendant.
I'll take that as a "no."
Special Agent Devin Rountree,
former FBI now working
for NCIS's
Office of Special Projects.
What?
You've got the wrong guy.
My name is Dean Rossmore.
I'm a personal trainer.
Or at least I was.
My old boss...
Where is
Admiral Hollace Kilbride?
Who?
I can do this all day.
Somehow I doubt that.
But, uh, I'd like
to see you try.
Anybody ever tell you
you hit like a girl?
Well?
Very professional.
Military-grade weapons
and tactics.
Yeah, they were pros.
Match the Simon Williams MO.
Yeah, we're running down
a local arms broker
in case they stocked up here.
And they used less than lethal
force to abduct an agent.
They might want to trade him
for Kilbride.
Except we don't have Kilbride.
Does he trust anyone
outside of this office?
I'm not sure
Kilbride trusts anyone,
including anyone in this office.
Family or friends?
I'm not sure Kilbride
has friends.
Well, what about this former
colleague of his, Colonel Ladd?
Kilbride reached out
to all of NCIS
to see if there was a position
that he might be able to fill.
Shyla already checked.
He hasn't seen him.
He would probably say that
even if he was helping him.
Kilbride wouldn't put
anyone else in danger.
That's why he went dark from us.
He does have a son,
but they're estranged.
Well, that doesn't mean
our Simon Williams team
won't use him
to get to Kilbride.
I don't suppose you know
where the son is?
No, I couldn't even tell you
his name.
Shyla probably knows.
I don't mean to interrupt.
You're not.
Tell me you found something.
I did. Unfortunately,
it's not great.
Ernie and I were
looking for any activity
on the dark web
that we may be able
to link to activity
of the Simon Williams group,
Morgan Miller,
and our new potential player,
David Ellis.
We also looked to see
if the admiral had any recent
activity on the dark web.
The admiral?
It took us six months
to get him to use a cell phone.
What the hell is this?
It's called
the Dead Sector.
Basically, it's a dark web
murder-for-hire website.
It's entirely anonymous
and all transactions
are untraceable
thanks to cryptocurrency.
Craigslist for
serial killers. Essentially.
Someone, most likely
the Simon Williams group,
posted all our identities
with $200,000 bounties
on each of us.
So now every gang, cartel,
psychopath and hitman
is gunning for our heads.
Pretty much.
Alert Cyber and the NSA.
Shut this site down now.
How's that positive thinking
going for you?
No drink service
on this airline? What kind of,
what kind of flight is this?
You're tougher than your
partner, I'll give you that.
I don't have a partner.
The cutie in the hijab?
Well, I mean, she was cute
when we grabbed her.
She isn't looking too good now.
Listen.
I'm gonna have
to use the restroom
really, really soon.
All right?
So unless
you want this to get
really, really awkward
for all of us...
Oh, this will be over
long before that.
Are you sure?
Seemed to me like you
were enjoying this.
Maybe a little bit too much?
Mm.
And even if I was
who-who you guys
think I am, which I-I'm not,
I don't think you really
want me to start talking.
You know,
so you can keep
getting your kink on?
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
Nah, I'm not really
into the rough stuff,
but, you know,
who am I to judge?
You'd like me to keep
wasting my time doing this.
You'll take
a world-class beating
if it means stalling us
and buying your people more time
to find you.
World class?
It's not even close.
My mama gave out
way worse beatings than this.
You two?
Y'all are cute,
y'all are amateurs.
This is honestly embarrassing.
You still feeling embarrassed?
Where are we
with the traffic cams?
Call me back.
No one in Ops
is answering.
What the hell is up with that?
Any luck with the neighbors?
Uh, no, unfortunately not a lot
of people are home right now,
but I left notes for
them to call us back,
so maybe we'll get lucky.
Lucky?
We-we can't afford to get lucky.
Rountree is
running out of time.
What about,
what about satellite footage?
Maybe one was passing over
when this all went down.
Okay, Fatima, you need to take
a breath and calm down.
Okay?
There is nothing left
for us to do here.
Let me take you home.
I'm not going home.
Stop asking me!
Okay. Okay.
Then at least let's
head back to Ops.
And I'll drive.
You can beat yourself up
on the way.
Heyo.
Oh, sorry,
I didn't mean to startle you.
No, no, no, you didn't,
you didn't startle me.
I saw you.
I was just...
practicing some tai chi.
Tai chi? Mm.
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
Where's Kensi?
She took Agent Namazi home.
What's the story here?
Nina Barnes.
She owns this bakery.
She's also
a high-end arms dealer.
Nothing comes to the West Coast
without her knowing about it.
Oh, interesting, and you
haven't arrested her because?
That's a good question.
She's, uh, "retired."
She's been helpful
on other cases.
But most importantly
she has shared history
with Admiral Kilbride.
Shared history?
What kind of history, professional?
Sexual?
What?
Yeah? No?
I don't know.
Oh, God, now I got
that in my head.
Oh, yeah, that's right,
they warned me.
You're the sensitive one.
Who, who warned you?
That I was--
I'm not the sensitive one.
No, that's definitely Sam.
Yeah, that's definitely Sam.
You know, big and tough
on the outside,
soft and gooey
on the inside.
He's like a,
like a human Hot Pocket.
Ooh, like a Hot Pocket,
I like that. Yeah.
No, I'm more of a,
more of a street dog, lone wolf.
Oh, sure, yeah,
of course.
Yeah, that explains
the lack of grooming.
Friends of yours?
Uh-uh.
Nina, this is
Special Agent Nick Torres.
He's also with NCIS,
except for he's from
fancy-pants Washington.
When's the last time
you spoke with
or saw Kilbride?
Who wants to know?
I-I do.
I literally,
I literally just asked you.
Sorry, uh, I'm not at liberty
to discuss that--
doctor-client privilege.
Wait, you're a doctor?
Yeah, well, I have a PhD
in military history.
So... yes.
Are you married?
Huh?
No.
Girlfriend?
It's complicated.
What is happening here?
Can we focus?
Yeah, I am focused.
On cinnamon buns here.
Oh.
Oh, right.
So, uh, what
makes you such a special agent?
This is happening.
Guaranteed, Hetty knows
about
the Simon Williams project.
Well, if she does, she's not
keeping anything here about it
that I can find.
Maybe
in the archives.
I just got an encrypted email
from an anonymous sender.
Mr. Simon Williams.
Could be the guys
who have Rountree.
How'd they get my email?
They're CIA.
Who knows
what they're capable of.
Then why send it encrypted?
It's worthless
if I can't open it.
I just got
an anonymous text.
What does it say?
"Leviticus 28."
What is it, a bible reference?
Well, yes and no.
Leviticus is the third book
of the Old Testament
and the Torah,
but it's only 27 chapters.
There is no chapter 28.
I knew that.
It could be the password.
Yeah, then again it could
also be a clever ploy
to launch a cyber
or malware attack against us
just when we need this most.
You ever heard
of Simon Williams?
Uh, I don't know.
Who is he?
Simon Williams
is a CIA assassin.
Oh, yeah,
I know that one.
He was a wet boy.
Carlos the Jackal type.
Eh, it's more of
a Dread Pirate Roberts.
Yeah.
Princess Bride.
Nobody, really?
Farm boy Westley
becomes the Dread Pirate Roberts
only to find out
he is one in a long line
of Dread Pirate Roberts.
Seriously?
Is he some kind of Rain Man
savant or something?
Simon Williams
wasn't one person.
He was a straw man
to take blame.
But the program
was discontinued,
that is until one rogue
group reactivated it
for their own
unsanctioned purposes.
I love your accent.
Mm.
First time to L.A.?
Has anyone come into town
looking to weapon-up?
Anybody new?
Somebody
with deep pockets.
Obvious trade craft.
I know this city
like the back of my hand.
I can show you things
no one else can.
There are highly trained professionals
who are here to kill Kilbride.
They've already kidnapped
an NCIS agent.
They're probably torturing him
as we speak.
Is he always this high strung?
I just met him. Mm.
I'm sorry for
your loss. Look.
I don't know
where Kilbride is, but...
he can take care of himself,
trust me.
He is a big boy and now
he has a very accurate gun.
He wanted an Accuracy International
L115A3 sniper rifle.
What does he need
a sniper rifle for?
Didn't you just say there are
highly skilled operatives
trying to kill him?
Hello? Aren't you supposed
to be a detective?
Was a detective,
now I'm an investigator.
Wait, you're not
a special agent? Huh.
Eh, this is awkward.
How did Kilbride contact you?
He left an order on my machine,
and came by the next day
to pick it up.
I also put in
an extra dozen
of red velvet cupcakes.
Oh, he brought those to work.
I knew that was weird.
They're good, right?
I don't know.
I have a gluten allergy.
Of course. Yeah.
Wait, what's that mean?
We have any idea who sent it?
It's bounced around
repeatedly before coming here.
Last IP was a proxy server
out of Khartoum,
but I doubt that's
where it originated.
Could be Admiral Kilbride
trying to get a message to us
without it being intercepted.
Or the Simon Williams group's
ransom demands.
I don't think so.
Someone had both our phone
numbers and they took steps
to send us a message that
we had to share to open.
There's no reason
for them to go to such lengths.
Only one way to find out.
Open it.
It's an audio file.
Let's hear what they want.
Sounds like
you've gotten yourselves
in a bit of a pickle.
I warned Hollace
his Simon Williams days
would come back
to bite him in the ass.
You are all quite capable,
and far be it for me
to tell you what to do,
but you might want to contact
an old friend, Gwen Johns,
and inquire
about the availability
of Jimmy McCann.
You know these people?
No.
Good luck.
Oh, and Alden?
Don't think for a moment
I've forgotten about
the $600 you still owe me
from the Monaco fiasco.
You know this person?
Son of a bitch.
It's Hetty, isn't it?
Yeah, but I have no idea
about the $600
she's talking about.
Yeah, right.
Okay, I thought
she's been AWOL for months.
She still is.
Well, then how the hell does she
know what we're doing here?
Behold the many mysteries
of Hetty.
Some say she's a witch. Easy.
At least we know
she's still alive.
So who are these people
she's talking about?
I have several Gwen Johns.
The most notable locally
is a Hollywood casting director.
Does that make sense
to you guys?
Hetty used the cover
of a Hollywood costumer
when she was with
the CIA, so yes.
And Jimmy McCann?
Looking.
If Gwen Johns is a
casting director, and Hetty
said that we should
reach out to her to check
on this guy's availability,
he's got to be an actor.
An actor?
An actor that looks
a lot like Admiral Kilbride.
Huh.
What's happening here,
you following me?
I need a ride.
Took an Uber here.
You know NCIS
travel budgets.
It's, uh, one rental
per your two agents.
Yeah, I just thought that maybe
they'd make an exception, yeah?
No...
Gun!
You okay?
Yeah, I'm cool.
That was a little too sloppy
to be Simon Williams group.
Yeah, probably somebody looking
to collect on that bounty.
Welcome to Hollywood.
Huh.
I'll call the Uber.
Yeah.
Last chance.
Where's Kilbride?
Bring the hijabi in here.
I'm gonna kill her
in front of you.
No, wait. Wait, wait.
All right.
There's a boatshed...
down by the docks, all right,
at the marina.
We use it as
a safe house.
That's where Kilbride's
holed up.
And they say
torture never works.
If you're lying...
I'm gonna kill your girlfriend
in front of you.
She's not my girlfriend.
Oh.
Well, that's too bad.
Like I said,
she was kind of cute
before all this.
Let me see her.
Mm, I don't think so.
Let me see her!
Trust me, it's not pretty.
Fatima?!
Fatima!
Shiver me timbers.
Oh! Hey, I heard what
happened. You good?
Me, yes.
My truck, not so much.
Okay, who cares about a
stupid truck, babe? Come on.
It's America, all right?
We love our trucks.
Okay, are we gonna
tell Rosa about this?
I don't know. This wasn't
exactly in the handbook.
How's Fatima?
She's freaked out
and blaming herself.
I mean, this whole
thing is a mess.
What are we gonna do?
I don't know.
But I do know what we're
gonna do after that,
which is go on
a family vacation.
Someplace warm
and quiet and safe.
I like the idea of that.
Yeah, someplace
like Winnipeg.
Winnipeg?
Uh-huh.
Do you even know
where that is?
No, I just like
saying it, Winnipeg.
Okay, we need a plan.
Yeah, we need a plan.
They want Kilbride,
we give them this Kilbride.
They'll know we're never
really gonna trade him.
We're not gonna trade him.
We're gonna let them grab him.
So they're gonna have
an agent and a civilian.
How's that gonna
help us?
Are we gonna put a tracker
on him? These guys are pros.
They're not that stupid.
We have a-a boatshed
in the marina.
We use it for interrogations,
things like that.
It's separate from this facility
for security reasons.
Jimmy McCann,
our Kilbride stand-in,
he will arrive looking
like he's holed up there.
When they move in
to grab him,
we take them.
You're assuming that Morgan
Miller and her Simon Williams
group know
about the boatshed.
You said this facility was
probably under surveillance.
That's only
because it's the CIA.
OSP is one
of the best kept secrets.
Most people think
this is a water station.
If they know
about this place,
I guarantee you they know
about the boatshed as well.
We use that
to our advantage.
Okay, well,
that works in theory.
But if they're watching
the boatshed, they're gonna
know it's a trap the second
they see anyone else
walk in other than
our Kilbride decoy.
They're not gonna
see us walk in.
Oh, no? You got
a secret tunnel?
Hmm.
Something like that.
Need any help?
Lucy Tara.
Fatima Namazi.
I'm sorry
about your partner.
He'll be okay.
He's smart and he's tough.
I hear the same
about you.
Not today.
Help yourself
to whatever you need.
Thanks.
OSP has a great reputation.
I'm sure your team could
handle this on its own,
but with the rest
of us here,
these guys don't stand a chance
against us, am I right?
I sure as hell hope so.
They inside yet?
Should be any minute.
Kensi, what about outside?
Not that we saw.
If somebody's watching the
boatshed, we didn't see them.
These guys are good. They're not
your run-of-the-mill criminals.
Agent Namazi and Rountree
learned that the hard way.
Yeah, well, at least
there aren't a bunch of
trigger-happy yahoos out there
gunning for all of us as well.
Oh, wait, there is.
Just keep your head on a swivel.
Oh, it's on a swivel.
And we're focused.
This is not Hawai'i water.
Same ocean.
Well, the lack of visibility
and smell say otherwise.
Oh, man, please tell me
that all of this is gonna
come off in the shower.
Give me a break.
You think the Potomac's
any cleaner?
I don't swim
in there, either.
Dude, I swear I've seen
this place on Airbnb.
You guys take the high ground.
We reserve the penthouse
for our guests.
Great, I'm sure it's just
as fragrant up there.
It's the marina.
Seriously, how do
you guys work here?
What do you mean?
Oh, you're like the two
crazy old cat ladies
who doesn't even realize
their own house smells.
Something like that.
Our Kilbride stand-in
just landed.
He's heading to you now.
You good, Jimmy?
Sound as a pound, mate.
Oh, thank you.
Agents Torres and Tennant
will secure you upstairs.
McCANN:
All right, no worries.
I know the routine.
Not the first time I've doubled
the admiral, you know.
Hey, let's keep those
holstered there, cowboy.
For our own safety.
Just how many times have
you doubled the admiral?
Oh, geez.
Couple of times in D.C.
Turkey, four times in Venezuela.
Crazy times...
Okay, story time can wait.
I need you up here now.
Aye, aye, captain.
We'll talk, Jimmy.
Yes, sir.
Showtime.
We got two two-man teams.
They're loaded for bear
with body armor.
Federal agents!
Don't even
think about it.
Hands.
That a boy.
None of these are
Morgan Miller. Kens?
No. She's not here.
She still has
Agent Rountree.
You are looking
at hard time.
How hard is
up to you.
Your buddies are dead.
They can't cooperate.
But you can.
Morgan Miller is going down
and she's taking you with her
unless, of course, you help us.
How long are we
gonna waste on this?
Well, right now he's our best
bet to finding Rountree.
We know about Morgan Miller.
We know about
the Simon Williams group.
All right.
Where is my partner, huh?
Fatima, stop.
Fatima!
Tell me where my partner is!
I know you know where he is!
Fatima! Fatima!
Tell me where he is!
Fatima!
Tell me!
Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey. Hey.
We're on it, okay?
Let me get you
some tea.
I don't want any tea!
Unless I can use it
to scald that guy.
Okay.
What do their cell phones show?
They've been all over.
I can't begin
to predict a possible
location from this.
Hey, Deeks, where are we
on the vehicles?
Vehicles are clean.
They shared some GPS
location searches,
including this
parking lot.
And I recognize another one
of them as Kilbride's addresses.
I'm sending you
the list now.
I can cross reference
it with their
cell phone activity.
Focus on the time
that corresponds with
the attack at Kilbride's
and wherever they
went after that.
This is a window of about
two hours after the attack.
Looks like they left the city.
What's out there?
That's like Mojave.
Hmm, good place
to dump a body.
Sorry.
Answer it.
He's not gonna ask you again.
Maybe Fatima can convince him.
The number that's calling is
coming from that same location
in Mojave.
It's a jet boneyard
not far from the Mojave
Air and Space Port.
All right, we need to get
our people there ASAP.
See if we can get a transport
helo out of El Segundo,
then call local
law enforcement
and have them put up some road
blocks in case they try to run.
On it.
We're also gonna need
ground transport
once we get there. What's
the closest military base?
Edwards Air Force Base is
only about 20 miles from there.
Get me the base commander,
maybe he'll lend us some wheels.
Copy that.
Ellis failed
their first check in.
You try contacting him?
He's not picking up.
Try calling one of the others.
Went to voice mail.
Damn it. They may have
run into resistance.
From one old man? Should have
been an easy extraction.
The admiral is
not a soft target.
What do you want to do?
Put everyone on high alert.
Next check in is 15 minutes.
They miss that, we pull out.
What about him?
He's insurance.
We're going on high alert.
Tighten up the perimeter.
Keep your eyes
and ears open.
We may have company.
Well, either we do
or we don't.
We have some
dune buggies approaching.
Could just be some off-roaders
joyriding in the desert.
Or it could be
his rescue party.
We're pulling out.
All right, that's it.
Excuse me?
Federal agents! Drop it!
He said drop it.
Nice and easy,
hands behind your back.
I had him.
A simple thank you will suffice.
"Mahola."
It's mahalo.
Yeah, I still had him.
It's over, Miller.
Cease-fire! Cease-fire!
Miller is down. Everybody good?
Yeah, we're good.
All clear.
Yeah, I'm solid.
Nice work, people.
Bring them home.
Yes, sir.
Rountree?
Oh, my God.
I'm okay.
Oh.
What did they do
to you?
A little five knuckle facial.
Yeah, you, uh...
you don't look so good.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just a little jet-lagged.
Ow!
Oh, it hurts to smile.
Yeah, don't do that.
Your... your mouth is bleeding.
It looks really gross.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, come here.
Thank you, partner.
She's dead.
Yeah, it was
a nice shot.
It was pretty risky.
It wasn't us.
Well, who took it then?
It wasn't me.
You certainly took
your sweet time.
A little bit longer out here,
I was gonna
turn into beef jerky.
Okay, how in the world
did you know we were out here?
Been following you.
Just out of curiosity,
you ever heard of teamwork?
What do you call this?
Well, I see you've made
yourself at home.
Almost out of here.
I guess we'll be seeing you
back in D.C.
to testify before congress
on all of this, huh?
Yeah, yeah.
With Miller dead and...
the rest of her group
either in custody
or body bags,
the Simon Williams program
can be put to rest indefinitely.
That's a good thing.
That it is, that it is.
I suppose I owe you
a big thank you
for looking out for these kids.
Well, these "kids" do
a pretty good job on their own.
That they do,
that they do.
But you know you worked
really well with them and
I truly think
they can benefit
from spending more time
with someone
with your experience.
And I don't mind
staying in Washington
for a bit.
I thought maybe
we could work out
some sort of an exchange?
Yeah.
I'm gonna have
to take a pass
on that, besides,
I think this place
is growing on you.
Why do you hurt me?
I'll see you around, Hollace.
You better not have
taken any of my cigars.
That son of a bitch.
Thanks for the loaners.
Thank you for helping us
find Rountree.
Is he gonna be okay?
Nothing a little ice, rest,
and dental work won't fix.
Really, babe?
Seriously,
thank you.
It was great meeting
all of you.
Likewise.
If you guys ever
get to Hawai'i.
Oh, you know it.
I'm putting my transfer
in tomorrow morning.
I wish.
Well, stay safe you guys.
Bye.
See ya.
Bye. You, too.
Ah, you guys
flying out tonight?
Yeah, I'm trying to catch
a hop out of NAS North Island.
But these guys
are flying commercial.
Well, Parker ain't gonna
like it, but I do enjoy
my hot towels and
complimentary socks.
Okay.
Thank you for everything.
You, too.
I'd like to
say it was fun but...
No, all in all I think it went
pretty well. We should...
maybe think about doing
this again sometime.
Yeah, hard pass.
No, thanks.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org